Add and fix billing disclaimer (#682)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/metrics/metrics-integration/introduction.adoc

* Adjust Aura instance sizing
* Set up notifications

[NOTE]
====

> Aura Database and Analytics services are business-critical for our users.
> We have requests to introduce more capabilities enabling access to logs and metrics to derive actionable insights using your choice of a monitoring platform.
> 
> We have a strong roadmap of observability sharing features including metrics, security logs, query logs and other capabilities.
> Many of these features can require transmitting a significant amount of data, hence *we will introduce in the future a new consumption-based billing model including cloud egress costs*.
> 
> We believe security is of paramount importance, hence we have decided to make Customer Metrics Integration available for you initially at no extra charge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aura Database and Analytics services are business-critical for users.
There are requests to introduce more capabilities enabling access to logs and metrics to derive actionable insights using your choice of monitoring platform.

Aura has a strong roadmap of observability sharing features including security logs, query logs, and other capabilities.
Many of these logs can be of significant size, hence *a new consumption-based billing model including cloud egress costs* will be introduced in the future.

Security is of paramount importance, and therefore the availability of security logs is not a paid-for feature.

```

> Aura Database and Analytics services are business-critical for our users.
> We have requests to introduce more capabilities enabling access to logs and metrics to derive actionable insights using your choice of a monitoring platform.
> 
> We have a strong roadmap of observability sharing features including metrics, security logs, query logs and other capabilities.
> Many of these features can require transmitting a significant amount of data, hence *we will introduce in the future a new consumption-based billing model including cloud egress costs*.
> 
> We believe security is of paramount importance, hence we have decided to make Customer Metrics Integration available for you initially at no extra charge.

Author: ```suggestion
Aura Database and Analytics services are business-critical for users.
There are requests to introduce more capabilities enabling access to logs and metrics to derive actionable insights using your choice of monitoring platform.

Aura has a strong roadmap of observability sharing features including security logs, query logs, and other capabilities.
Customer metrics integration requires transmitting a significant amount of data, hence *a new consumption-based billing model including cloud egress costs* will be introduced in the future.

Observability is of paramount importance, and therefore the customer metrics integration is initially not a paid-for feature.
```

My suggestions compared to your version:

- in the second to last statement, it is not about logs in this doc, it is about metrics
- in the last sentence, : Suggesting to say that the feature is free, not its availability. Also, I initially named the wrong feature here, corrected now.

Reviewer: See suggestion above about the last statement.
